The message from Nhâm Hoàng stated that
a female student who died in Thanh Xuân returns every 7
years to seek revenge on her killer. Seven years
ago, she sent messages to seven people, asking them to
help her kill the killer. Seven years
ago, one man read the message and deleted it. The next day,
he fell ill and
died. Two newlyweds on vacation
received the same message and sent it to three
people. The next day, they won the lottery.
A student who read the message ignored it and had an
accident the next day. If you don't
send this message to 70 people, you will
encounter bad luck. I'm being forced. Sorry, but if
you send this to 100 of your friends,
good luck will come to you after 10 days.
These are the kinds of messages that pop up on our phones when we
use Facebook and mobile networks.
So
where did this message come from? Is it a
joke or is it true? Now, Yến will
analyze whether it's true or not so
we can rule out the truth. That is,
this message says that every time a female student dies in
Thanh Xuân...  Every 7 years, she returns to find the
person she murdered. Every 7 years, she sends a message
to the person who asked
her to help kill them. That means these seven people are asking her to help
kill someone else. And if
someone doesn't send the message, that person will have an
accident or die, or something like that. It's bad luck.
But if someone does send the message,
they'll win the lottery. According to the law of karma, if we accept someone's request to kill someone, we either get blessings or misfortune. It's
impossible to accept someone's
request to kill someone and then win the lottery. This is a non-karmic thing, it's not true. Even in normal life, if I said I accepted someone's request to kill someone and won the lottery, then those people
are truly evil. So
where did this message come from? It's from
someone joking. And
how did this person come up with
this joke? They were influenced by an evil spirit
because the evil spirit doesn't want happiness in this world,
so they send
messages to people, making them think they're sending messages to kill
someone.  If I win the lottery, the
person who sent this message will all suffer the consequences.
Sending a message wishing someone
else's death will result in karmic retribution;
whatever I do, many people will want
me to fail. That's karma, folks.
When you keep sending
this message, another karmic retribution will come to
you in this life or the next. That means
whatever you do, many people
want you to
fail. So,
these messages are formed by evil spirits.
We must be careful with
these messages. When you encounter
messages like this, just say, "This message is
from an
evil spirit! Whoever breaks it will receive blessings!"
Don't send it, just delete it. If you send it to my phone, I'll
also delete it. I'm saying this publicly.
So, if you just don't send the
message and die the next day, then I'm saying
this publicly, you'll die instantly,
right? Saying this will definitely lead to instant
death. So, there's no
cause and effect here; it's a paradox.
[music]